Testing various git push / pull activities with multiple changes to this file.   The changes to this 
file will represent changes that could have occurred to any of the files in this local repo.   Will 
try using vsCode / git / git Lens.



1)  Create new repo at github.  Do not create the READ.txt file, yet.

2)  Started terminal at this page.  Type: 'cmd' to start the cmd line.  Type: 'git init'.   Worked.

3)  Saved file to learn if this new save causes the git init to alter.

    Note: just type:  Cont + ~  to switch from this file editing to the terminal prompt.

4)  After the 'git init' has been done, can use GitLens to stage and commit...

5)   The plan is to stage the other 3 files in this local repo first, and then save this file and then
    stage this file.   Will then commit the other 3 files and then try to ( include .... ?) this file with 
    the other files.  

    Note:  Since I'm not going to stage all the files in this repo at the same time (add *), it will be easier
            to use gibLens to stage and commit.  Selecting individual files using gitLens and staging the 
            files changes the 'U' to 'A'....

            The Mongo folder is more difficult to stage.  Selected the '+' to stage, but needed to open down to view files 
            to verify they are being tracked ... all show 'A'.

            Can stage and then unstage files w/out an issue. 

            219 files were staged and then commit.  Probably was unnecessary for all the node module files, but doing this
            ensures no future dependency issues.

            Next up, staging this file to the repo, then pushing this local git repo to 'orgin'


            …or push an existing repository from the command line

            git remote add origin https://github.com/GraySmith80/Practice_git.git
            git push -u origin master


All's good.  Master created at orgin and the READ.md file was completed with a commit.   It would appear that using a combo of 
tools is making the git easier.  Using the "source control" messages being shown on the activity bar, using the visual cues from
gitLens, and using the cmd prompt.

6) GitLens shows this file with a 'M', the description says 1 file changed, Modified in Working Tree.  Will save this file, then 
    click to stage changes, then commit and push to master.  GitLens does not have the same feature for commit as for staging.

    Note: made a mistake with the last push - probably mispelled 'orgin' S/B 'origin'.  Will try again after this new note.

    





    
